tascam dr-40 is a portable recorder
perfect through musicians concert goers
and filmmakers it records up to four
channels of 96k 24-bit wav files or mp3
files to sd card media all of this is
wrapped up in a great sounding
simple-to-use recorder that's compact
enough to bring any level the dr-40 s
first multi-channel mode is for tracking
connect microphones to the locking XLR
inputs complete with phantom power for
condenser mics you can even connect
balanced line inputs to the XLR inputs
the built-in stereo condenser
microphones are adjustable from an XY
pattern for tight stereo imaging to an
AV pattern for a more ambient Center the
dual recording mode is unique to the
dr-40 even with its built-in limiter
it's possible to overload any reporter
to keep overloads from ruining your
recording the VR 40 can record a safety
track at a lower level that won't be
distorted also available is an overdub
mode to record along with the previous
take the included USB cable can charge
the dr-40 or transfer your tracks to the
computer or you can simply plug in the
included SD card to copy off your files
the optional RC TM remote control starts
recording while you're on stage behind
the drums or away from the recorder also
available is the VP six AAA battery pack
which increases the battery life from 17
hours to over 50 hours of recording with
great sound quality for channel
recording and long battery life there's
no better choice for home or live
recording than the affordable VR 4
you